#            Topics Covered

Following are the Topics Covered In My Getting Started with DevOps Journey:

1) Basic Linux Commands.
                         Description :
                                        Prepared and Practiced Basic Linux Commands Using freecodecamp and ProgrammingKnowledge resources From Youtube.
        
                          Assignments:
                                       Completed two Assignmnets Based on Top Command Usage and Process ID's

2) Bash Scripting.
                  Description :
                                Practiced writing Scripts for fulfilling basic functionality required to fetch the desired results.

                  Assignments:
                              Completed my 3rd Assignment (5 Parts) asssociated with line Spacing,Disk Space Management,SafeDelete and Backup using Bash Scripting.

3) Networking :
               Description :
                             Prepared/Preparing Networking Fundamentals Consisting of OSI Model , TCP , UDP , Switches , Routers and Hosts using Resources
                             of Network Fundamentals,Network Direction and TechTerms on Youtube.
    
               Assignments :
                              Completed 5 Networking Assignments....in which I was provided with an IP address and 
                              was asked to tell the network addresses,Broadcast addresses and how many subnets could be maded
                              Moreover,How many Host addresses are there and can be assigned.
4) Python Programming:
                  Description:
                             Made my grip stronger for coding in python by revising and preparing the Concepts from 
                             W3Schools and Youtuibe resources "Coding With Mosh"

                  Assignments:
                             Have Been assigned to solve the complex problems like fetching a text file and extracting
                             desired output.
                             Web Scraping Using Python and saving the output in the text file
5) Docker:
           Description:
                        Finally started getting knowing the Tools used within DevOps for the processes. 
                        Got to know the Docker Images, Containers, Difference between the docker container
                        and the VM's.
                        Docker in PROGRESS........
